As I mentioned in the previous slides,
that Spring helps us focus on the business need.
If you've ever done much database development in Java, you've used JDBC.
JDBC, at first glance, doesn't look that bad,
but then you really start picking it apart,
and it's really not very pretty.
Look at all this extra stuff we have in our code just
to do a simple SELECT statement.
We have connections, and prepared statements,
and result sets, and then we have this try catch block.
We have a DriverManager.
We have all this stuff in there.
And look at that great big finally block or the if rs = null,
if statement = null, and if connection = null.
Then we had this empty curly brace catching exceptions.
There's a big bunch of just code in here when really all our business cares
about is this line here where we say select whatever our fields are from
the CAR table where this ID equals whatever,
and then the only other line that our business really
cares about is where we grab that actual string and store
it in an object and return it.
Now this may look like a great selling point for Hibernate instead of Spring,
but actually I'm going to show you a few things that
Spring does to make this easier.
So, all these places where we're assigning things,
and handling, and closing,
and all that type of stuff can easily be contained by Spring for us. We should handle this by using Spring to inject these resources into our code.